Servicenow fix get mapping fields (#21326)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/ReleaseNotes/2_3_24.md

#### Integrations
##### ServiceNow v2

> - Added missing fields to the **sn_si_incident** schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where some fields were missing from the **sn_si_incident** schema.
```
